read them and weep God on oh so this is
it huh the great new business venture
that's supposed to save all about
worthless lives want to get in look I
thought this was supposed to be our foot
on the ladder I thought we were gonna
make this place work hey it might look
like we playing cars but we actually
plan it don't worry sweet baby we're
about to go get our first project at
last it works what works oh just a
simple bit of electronic wizardry and
intellectual bombast that hacks into the
state-of-the-art satellite
immobilization technology on board our
target vehicle I don't know what he just
said put a song it's odd wait what's on
this gadget is set to pick up on cell
phone signals each time she makes a call
it will give you the new location you
have to stay close if you're going to
get an updated position though okay
fasho good look and see
one
you
Oh
pat pat pat